{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15700\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What's Your Learning Style? The Results\
Your Scores:\
Printer Friendly Version\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u65279 \u65279 Auditory: 15%\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Visual: 45%\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Tactile: 40%\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You are a Visual learner! Check out the information below, or view all of the learning styles.\
Visual\
If you are a visual learner, you learn by reading or seeing pictures. You understand and remember things by sight. You can picture what you are learning in your head, and you learn best by using methods that are primarily visual. You like to see what you are learning.\
As a visual learner, you are usually neat and clean. You often close your eyes to visualize or remember something, and you will find something to watch if you become bored. You may have difficulty with spoken directions and may be easily distracted by sounds. You are attracted to color and to spoken language (like stories) that is rich in imagery.\
Here are some things that visual learners like you can do to learn better:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \uc0\u65279 \u65279 Sit near the front of the classroom. (It won't mean you're the teacher's pet!)\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Have your eyesight checked on a regular basis.\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Use flashcards to learn new words.\
\uc0\u65279 Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Write down key words, ideas, or instructions.\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Draw pictures to help explain new concepts and then explain the pictures.\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Color code things.\
\uc0\u65279 \u65279 Avoid distractions during study times.}