{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 GUI\'92s and CLI\'92s are roughly the same idea in the digital world. They both are a way of browsing and interacting with files inside a digital device. GUI\'92s (Graphical User Interfaces) are a file browsing system that uses Graphical assets and commands in order to browse and edit a system\'92s files. CLI\'92s (Command Line Interfaces) on the other hand use lines of text commands in order to browse and edit a system\'92s files. One advantage of a CLI compared to a GUI, is that CLI\'92s create for a much faster and easier way to manipulate files. Since CLI\'92s are just a long set of text strings, typing in a given text command allows you to browse through the text space and ready text in order to determine what is within and happening to a file. Some examples of a GUI include the basic finder and explorer applications installed on your laptop devices. Some examples of a CLI include the black spaces with tons of green text that you see hackers use in cinema to television. Both systems have their advantages and disadvantages but at the end of the day, both systems create for an easier way to manage files on a digital device. \
}