{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The main idea in this lecture is the idea of pursuing and achieving childhood dreams, even if they seem unrealistic or unattainable. I like this idea because it mainly is used to provide yourself with a direction or purpose in life that you can work towards. Having a mindset of something that you have to work towards gives you a set destination you can work towards mentally and physically. I like that in his lecture some of his childhood goals he explained had seemed crazy and almost impossible. Setting goals like being in the NFL and even being Captain Kirk inspires one\'92s imagination whilst also still interpreting these goals in different ways in order to achieve them. Randy explains later on how he meets his \'93boyhood idol\'94, the actor for Captain Kirk himself. Not only did he get to meet the man behind one of his childhood dreams, but it was randomly his own doing that called for him to meet this childhood idol that he\'92d once dreamed of being. He talks about Captain Kirk\'92s leadership in the show and I think it cool that Randy\'92s own leadership within his virtual reality program was actually the reason for achieving one of his childhood dreams which seemed almost impossible at the time. Another lesson that Randy talks about that really speaks to me is the lesson \'93When you\'92re screwing up and no one is saying anything to you about it anymore you know they have given up on you\'94. He talks about how his old football coach would push him and push him but he never seemed to understand it until he realized this lesson. When someone will correct and teach you even if you don\'92t seem to get it right away. He talks about how valuable this is for one\'92s confidence and future as it helps them strive towards a growth mindset rather than a fixed mindset. This relates to the idea of \'93Yet\'94 or \'93Not Yet\'92 that we have been talking about within this week\'92s lesson as well. Another important detail about this lesson is that it ties back to the dream of wanting to be in the NFL. Playing football as a kid may not have led to the exact desired destination, but just setting this dream for himself allowed him to gain almost an even more valuable lesson and experience for himself.\
\'93Experience is what you get when you didn\'92t get what you wanted\'94 is a quote that Randy explains that also stuck with me and I feel like I can relate to a lot. The value of experience and error is something that I think highly of. Making mistakes is part of the learning experience and allows us to learn and move forward on our own. The process of trial and error is one of the greatest ways of actually moving forward because it allows us to look at a mistake and not make it again so that we will automatically be closer to making or finding the right path. Overall I think that this lecture was actually really inspiring and helped me realize in deeper ways, the importance of setting dreams and goals for myself.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}